well today I'm going to talk about the
quizzing art multiclad pro stainless
steel pot I recently got an 8 quart
stainless steel pot and I really I
really liked it but sometimes is it's
just too big for some stuff so I decided
to get a 6 quart but the other brand
didn't have a 6 quart I decided to go
and try the quizzing art now this one
just like the other one has three three
layers or three ply which is stainless
steel aluminum and stainless steel from
the inside and the aluminum core goes
all the way through the sides of the pot
so that you get a really nice heat
distribution so okay let me do the
unboxing cuz I'm really excited I
haven't seen it yet and hopefully didn't
get damaged in this shipping
comes with a metal leg it has two rivets
it's nice I like this type of handle
where you where you can actually hold it
and it makes it very difficult to drop
especially when it clean
this is a heavy pot let's see what it
weighs
it's beautifully constructed okay so
let's put it on this one weighs at a
little over four pounds 4.0 nine and I'm
gonna switch it to two grams this one is
one point eight five kilograms which is
pretty ft and let's put it with the with
the lid 2.25 kilograms and four point
nine seven pounds almost five I would
say five
I think they aim towards five pounds
that's nice
let me move this away so the nice thing
about it it does have a nice curve here
it's not it's not a very pointy angle
and as tapered edge so it won't spill
with you when you do some pouring has
very nice polished handles that are
supposed to stay cool
and I will do another video with what a
follow-up and maybe some cooking session
where where I demonstrate the use other
than that I think it's a it's a really
nice pot without using it so look
forward for another another video that
will that I will put this to use now I'm
trying to figure out where it's made
I'm kind of surprised that they don't
they don't actually stamp it on the on
the pot there's no way nowhere on the
pot that says where this was made was
I'm missing something here nope I don't
I don't see anything but the Box does
say that this was manufactured in China
I don't know
you know anyway by the way just just for
future reference if you get a pot a new
pot always wash it before you start
cooking it on it first because when it
comes out from manufacturing it may have
some oil on it and other other chemicals
that they use for storage and for
shipping so so so nothing happens to it
plus the manufacturing itself they use a
lot of lubrication when they do the
stretching of the material okay well if
you have any questions or suggestions or
comments please leave in the comment box
and thumb up please and you can
subscribe
and it will catch you on the next video
bye for now